Skip to content
bathandbodyworks.com
English
ABOUT US
JOB AREAS
STUDENTS
FAQs
JOB SEARCH

< Back to Search Results

Summer 2026 Intern Program
Brand: Bath & Body Works
Location: Columbus, OH, US
Location Type: Hybrid
Job ID: 04SIE
Job Area: Internship
Employment type: Full-time


Description

At Bath & Body Works, everyone belongs. We are committed to creating a culture of belonging focused on delivering exceptional fragrances and experiences to our customers. We focus on recruiting, retaining, and advancing top talent. In addition, we work to improve our communities and our planet to help the world live more fully.

INTERNSHIP OVERVIEW:

Our internship program is a dynamic group of emerging, high potential rising university seniors who will have the opportunity to participate in a 10-week summer internship at the World’s Leading Fragrance Specialty Retailer. 

 This internship will provide the opportunity for a comprehensive view of the various functional areas within specialty retail. You will have the opportunity to work along-side and learn from BBW associates who will provide training, development and engagement of your function and our Brand. 

Our internship program is a key driver of our early career talent pool through realistic job previews and meaningful projects and assignments. Inclusion means that your ideas and insights will be meaningful and valued in influencing our business. We are looking for interns to learn and support our business strategies through curiosity, a passion for retail and a can-do attitude.  BBW interns will have the following development opportunities:

·       Mentorship and career development

·       Professional development workshops

·       Functional and brand learning

·       Networking, social and philanthropy opportunities with fellow interns and business associates to develop relationships with each other and key leaders within BBW

Total Rewards Package for Summer Interns 

·       Competitive hourly wages

·       Furnished housing or living stipend (eligibility requirements)

·       Personal days & Summer Fridays 

·       40% Merchandise Discount 

·       Hybrid working (function dependent)

·       Successful interns could be considered for a full-time job upon completion.

PROGRAM AREAS:

Merchandising:

Merchant insights are what inspire our business. From research to idea and concept to reality, our merchants are driven to deliver what our customers want now … and want next. Our merchants possess deep customer insights, understand the speed and agility necessary to compete and foster strong relationships with internal partners such as marketing, planning, development, and visual as well as outside vendors. Design, color, product assortment and placement – it’s all the little decisions that make a big difference in whether or not our customers say, “I’ll take it!” Internship opportunities are available for both Stores and Digital

Finance, Accounting & Analytics

Growing a world-renowned brand requires a talented team of financial analysts, accountants, and internal auditors to diligently sift through data and trends, recognize potential, perform checks and balances, and provide informed recommendations – all for the sake of winning performance. A strong finance team is critical to success, and as our business continues to grow, our team seeks to add analytical thinkers, problem solvers and collaborators to its numbers.

Internships can include Corporate & Brand Finance, Internal Audit, Tax, and Analytics

Planning & Allocation

Our Planning & Allocation team ensures the amazing products customers love are available when and where they want them. It’s their mission to plan winning product assortments, adjust inventory in season to optimize performance and analyze results to impact future seasons’ strategies. This work requires strong collaboration with merchant and supply chain partners and a constant drive to exceed customer expectations.

Internships can include Space Planning, Inventory Allocation or Central Planning

Creative

Our Creative teams bring our brand, products, and customer experience to life. Our brand collections are emotional, well-told stories because of the products created and executed by our design teams – teams of experts drawn together from around the globe to lead the aesthetic of our world-class brand.

Internships can include Graphic Design, Package Design, Web Design, Interior Design, Technical Design, and Visual Merchandising

Supply Chain Operations & Logistics

Our full-service logistics operation is focused on delivering flexible and scalable global supply chain solutions – built on a foundation of expertise in the fundamentals: transportation, warehousing, distribution, and fulfillment. Our team explores, develops, and implements innovative solutions to get our products to market and to the customer faster and drives real value through best-in-class supply chain engineering, customer and trade compliance, warehousing, and management of global and regional distribution centers.

Internships can include Distribution Center Operations, Product Safety, Supply Chain Analytics, Commercialization, Global Vendor Management, and Product Development

Corporate & Strategy

Our corporate support groups enable our business execution from big picture thinking to customer delivery. This internship will provide the opportunity for a comprehensive learning experience in our corporate home office support functions. Integrated in the program are opportunities to learn, research and propose actionable, customer-centric, findings to better support the business and drive growth within the brand.

Internship can include Brand and Paid Marketing Strategy, Store Operations, Human Resources, and Customer Insights

Information Technology & Digital

Our IT and Digital organizations keep us current, connected and on the cutting edge of specialty retail. While our team engages professionals, who have exceptional capability in business systems, programming or technical consulting, we also prepare them to be trusted advisors – operating as true business partners. Whether it’s stores point of sale, home office infrastructure or logistics tracking and inventory, IT and Digital touch almost every facet of our specialty retail business.

Internships can include Digital Analytics, Digital Marketing, Front End Web Development Digital Production, Application Development, Data Engineering

Qualifications

·       University current juniors pursuing their bachelor’s degree and in good academic standing

·       Must be able to work 40 hours per week during summer 2026

o   May 26th-July 31st (required dates) No extended PTO

·       Computer fluency with programs such as Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel

·       Innate curiosity and desire to learn, strong analytical and logical thinking skills

·       Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task and prioritize

·       Have a strong passion for retail

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

·       Previous internship, customer service or leadership experience

·       Ability to manage through conflict and problem-solve

·       Strong communication and presentation skills; can concisely present complex information/recommendations in terms meaningful to various audiences

·       Able to work in a fast-paced environment

Core Competencies

Lead with Curiosity & Humility
Build High Performing Teams for Today & Tomorrow
Influence & Inspire with Vision & Purpose
Observe, Engage & Connect
Strive to Achieve Operational Excellence
Deliver Business Results

Benefits 

Bath & Body Works associates are the heart of our business. That’s why we’re proud to offer benefits that empower you to Dream Bigger & Live Brighter. Benefits for eligible associates include: 

Robust medical, pharmacy, dental and vision coverage. Plus, access to our onsite wellness center and pharmacy located at the Columbus, OH home office.
401k with company match and Associate Stock Purchase with discount
No-cost mental health and wellbeing support through our Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Opportunity for paid time off and paid parental leave. Plus, access to family and lifestyle programs including a family building benefit, childcare discounts, and home, auto and pet insurance.
Tuition reimbursement and scholarship opportunities for post-secondary education programs
40% merchandise discount and gratis that encourages you to come back to your senses!

Visit bbwbenefits.com for more details.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required.

We will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with arrest records, conviction records, or other criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of any applicable state and local laws. Please see links: Los Angeles Fair Chance In Hiring Ordinance, Philadelphia Fair Chance Law, San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

We are an equal opportunity action employer. We do not make employment decisions based on an individual’s race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, protected veteran status or any other legally protected status, and we comply with all laws concerning nondiscriminatory employment practices. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for associates and job applicants with disabilities. Our management team is dedicated to ensuring fulfillment of this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, associate activities and general treatment during employment. We only hire individuals authorized for employment in the United States.

Application window will close when all role(s) are filled.

APPLY

SHARE THIS ENTRY
JOBS YOU MAY LIKE
Seasonal Retail Sales Associate-The Shoppes at Webb Gin
On-site
Retail Store Manager - Crabtree Valley Mall II
On-site
Seasonal Retail Sales Associate-CENTRAL MALL
On-site
Retail Assistant Store Manager-Harvest Park Center
On-site
Seasonal Retail Sales Associate-WESTGATE MALL
On-site
ABOUT US
JOB AREAS
STUDENTS
FAQs
TECHNICAL SUPPORT

Password reset

Forgot username

ACCESSIBILITY ASSISTANCE

If you have a disability requiring assistance to complete the application, email applicantaccommodation@bbw.com or call 855-556-2675.

If you have been contacted for an interview and need to request an interview accommodation due to a disability, email applicantaccommodation@bbw.com or call 855-556-2675.

Only applicants needing assistance due to a disability should contact us to get additional support. We are unable to respond to other requests.

OTHER INQUIRIES

Go to www.bbwinc.com/contact.

Bath & Body Works Corporate
EEO Policy
Terms and Conditions
Web Accessibility
Your Privacy Choices 
Transparency in the Supply Chain
Privacy Policy
States Privacy Rights (Certain States)
Contact Us
© 2025 Bath & Body Works, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Go to Top
Bath & Body Works and our third-party providers use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") to collect data about you and do things like personalize your experience and provide job recommendations. All cookies are and will remain enabled, unless you click “PREFERENCES” to deactivate targeted advertising cookies. By using our site or clicking "OK", you agree to the use of cookies, our Terms of Use (including arbitration terms), and our Privacy Policy. Click "OK" to close.
PREFERENCES OK