	
HOME
 
ABOUT QORVO CAREERS
 
JOBS BY CAREER AREA 
	
LANGUAGE  
SIGN IN
	
				
Search by Keyword 
Show More Options
 
Select how often (in days) to receive an alert:   Create Alert
Apply now 
IT Collaboration Administration Intern
Experience Level:  Support
Job Type:  Regular
Location:  

Hillsboro, OR, US, 97124

Requisition ID:  9585

Qorvo (Nasdaq: QRVO) supplies innovative semiconductor solutions that make a better world possible. We combine product and technology leadership, systems-level expertise and global manufacturing scale to quickly solve our customers' most complex technical challenges. Qorvo serves multiple high-growth segments of large global markets, including consumer electronics, smart home/IoT, automotive, EVs, battery-powered appliances, network infrastructure, healthcare and aerospace/defense. Visit www.qorvo.com to learn how our innovative team is helping connect, protect and power our planet.

Qorvo’s Internship Program is designed for college students currently enrolled in an accredited Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD program. Qorvo offers real work experience, exposure to upper management, and the opportunity to pursue full-time opportunities, as available. 

 

Qorvo’s Internship Program offers:

Challenging, skill-building assignments
Mentoring and coaching from industry experts
Launch & Learns and other learning opportunities
Collaborative team-based work environment
Networking and social events
Final presentation to business leaders

 

Qorvo’s IT Collaboration Administration Internships are offered in our Information Technology business group. Specific projects and responsibilities will be determined based on the business needs at the time of the internship assignment.

 

Responsibilities may include:

Identify and remediate inactive or orphaned SharePoint sites, Microsoft Teams, and M365 Groups.
Support the development of a scalable framework for ownership validation, governance communication, and content lifecycle management.
Assist in preparing audit-readiness documentation tied to site ownership, access controls, and compliance requirements.
Contribute to the creation of training materials and user resources for SharePoint, Teams, and other collaboration tools.
Help organize and coordinate a global digital tools training event (including scheduling and vendor coordination)
Gather user feedback and contribute to building a user community that drives sustainable adoption of collaboration tools.

 

Qualifications:

 

Essential

Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Business, or a related field.
Strong organizational skills with ability to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines.
Demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft 365 (Teams, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint).
Effective written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to summarize and present information clearly.
Self-starter with strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.

 

Preferred

Familiarity with, or interest in learning, Microsoft Power Platform (Power Apps, Power Automate, Power BI).
Experience in project coordination, event planning, or training development.
Previous internship or academic project experience related to digital workplace tools or content management.
Ability to work collaboratively across diverse teams and build relationships with stakeholders.

 

 

This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship by the Company.

 

 

Competitive hourly pay commensurate with experience: $25/hr- $34/hr (subject to change dependent on physical location) 

Posted salary ranges are made in good faith. Qorvo reserves the right to adjust ranges depending on the experience/qualification of the selected candidate as well as external competitiveness and internal comparability. 

Base compensation is one element of Total Rewards offered at Qorvo. More information on the Total Rewards package can be shared upon request. 

 

 

 

 

  MAKE A DIFFERENCE AT QORVO   

 We are Qorvo. We do more than create innovative RF and Power solutions for the mobile, defense and infrastructure markets – we are a place to innovate and shape the future of wireless communications. It starts with our employees. As a unified global team, we bring a commitment to excellence, growth and a passion for creating what's next. Explore the possibilities with us.

We are an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcome all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to any characteristics protected by applicable law, including race, color, religion, sex (as defined by law), national origin, age, military or veteran status, genetic information, or disability. 

 

Qorvo is an E-Verify Employer. For more information, please see the Right to Work and E-Verify Participation posters.

Apply now 
Find similar jobs:
Site Map
Feedback
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

© 2025 Qorvo, Inc | 1-833-641-3810

We use cookies, trackers and other similar technologies to operate this website and to enhance your experience. Certain optional tools are used for advertising, marketing, or advanced analytics. These tools may capture technical information such as IP address, referrer, or device details. You can allow all technologies by clicking “Accept All”, reject all non-essential technologies by clicking "Reject All", or adjust your preferences by clicking “Manage Preferences.” More Information
Manage Preferences Reject All Accept All