Skip to main content
Sun Life Careers
English
Sign In
Search for Jobs
Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2026 page is loaded
Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2026
Apply
Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2026
Apply
locations
Kansas City, Missouri
time type
Part time
posted on
Posted 6 Days Ago
job requisition id
JR00117066

Job Description:

US Campus Summer 2026 Software Engineering Internship

You are as unique as your background, experience, and point of view. Here, you’ll be encouraged, empowered, and challenged to be your best self. You'll work with dynamic colleagues - experts in their fields - who are eager to share their knowledge with you. Your leaders will inspire and help you reach your potential and soar to new heights. Every day, you'll have new and exciting opportunities to make life brighter for our Clients - who are at the heart of everything we do. Discover how you can make a difference in the lives of individuals, families, and communities around the world. 

What’s it like to work at Sun Life?

You’ll find it dynamic and highly professional; collaborative and supportive. We encourage career mobility. Sun Life is also a socially responsible employer, supporting the communities in which we live and work, with a globally recognized commitment to the environment and sustainability. ​

This position will be hybrid out of our Kansas City, MO office. 

The Role

In this role, you will be responsible for participating in development, maintenance and enhancement of business applications as well as working in project teams assigned by your business unit or department. You will be expected to utilize various technology platforms, collaborate with business partners and other technical staff to understand functional requirements and create system requirements, assess available technologies and recommend solution options.

Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:

Provide business analysis and programming expertise within an assigned business unit/area in the analysis, design, and development of business applications. 

Formulate and define application scope and objectives; devise and modify procedures to solve business problems. 

Prepare detailed specifications from which programs will be written, and design, code, test, debug and document programs. 

Ability to learn and apply new technologies, processes and business acumen. 

Core skill sets needed for this role:

Previous experience working with Java 

Ability to learn new skills and adapt to new technical environments

A can-do attitude and eagerness to learn

The Candidate

To be eligible for an internship at Sun Life, you must meet the following requirements:

Currently enrolled in an accredited college or university during the time of internship (June 2026 – August 2026)

Undergraduate student pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or similar. This position is not open to Graduate students.

Eligible to legally work in the United States

Ability to work full-time (40 hours/week) during the internship

Compensation for this role will be around, but not higher than, $25 an hour.

We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment where all employees feel they belong, are supported and empowered to thrive.  We are dedicated to building teams with varied experiences, backgrounds, perspectives and ideas that benefit our colleagues, clients, and the communities where we operate.  We encourage applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

We will make reasonable accommodations to the known physical or mental limitations of otherwise-qualified individuals with disabilities or special disabled veterans, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please email thebrightside@sunlife.com to request an accommodation.

For applicants residing in California, please read our employee California Privacy Policy and Notice.

We do not require or administer lie detector tests as a condition of employment or continued employment.

Sun Life will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including applicable fair chance ordinances.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Job Category:

Temporary Employee

Posting End Date:

25/11/2025

Shine together

At Sun Life, you can be your most brilliant self. Our supportive, flexible, and inclusive work environment is one where you – and your career – can thrive. Whatever your aspirations, collaborative leaders and colleagues are ready to help you learn, grow, and succeed.

Make life brighter

We’re a global company with a passion for people. Our purpose is to help Clients achieve lifetime financial security and live healthier lives. As a team of 30,000 across 26 countries, our impact is far-reaching, and locally relevant There’s power in numbers. As part of Sun Life’s growing team, you have an impact on people in your community and around the world.

Shape the future

With an optimistic eye on a brighter future, we drive to innovate. Be part of leading change, push boundaries and try new ways of working. Use data to drive bold actions. Be agile and pivot as we test and learn. At Sun Life, we’re driving transformation, sustainability and innovation for our Clients, employees, partners, and communities. Join us. Together, we can make the future brighter.

Join a top employer for a brighter future. Visit Sun Life Careers

Read More
Follow Us
© 2025 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.